🔹 Why Microsoft Stock Was Getting Slammed Today
🔗 https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/21/why-microsoft-stock-was-getting-slammed-today/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=a30bc126-3f94-4cf1-bb16-b4228a1601fe&.tsrc=rss

The kickoff of a high-profile antitrust case against a peer and an analyst's price target reduction put the hurt on Microsoft (MSFT -2.22%) shares Monday. The tech giant wasn't looking all that mighty on the exchange, with a more than 3% drop in price in late afternoon trading. 
It was generally a bearish day for big tech as a whole, with search titan Alphabet taking an uncomfortable turn in the spotlight.
The U.S. Department of Justice's artificial intelligence (AI)-related suit against the company began. The government agency claimed that strong legal measures are needed to prevent the company from using AI functionalities to make it even more dominant in search. 
Alphabet, whose core asset is its familiar search engine Google, has landed in hot legal water before, but the DOJ seems particularly determined this time to cut the company down to size. Officials have repeatedly, and at times strongly, criticized the veteran tech powerhouse for its business practices and near-unassailable position.
They've made similar pronouncements about Microsoft, which not long ago faced accusations of monopolist practices with its ubiquitous Windows operating system. The company is heavily invested in leading AI developer OpenAI, and as such looks like a juicy target for antitrust actions related to the technology. 
Compounding that, the company earned a price target cut from a pundit tracking its fortunes. Monday morning Barclays' Raimo Lenschow cut the bank's fair value assessment to $430 per share from his previous $475. That doesn't (yet) make him a bear on the stock, as he maintained his overweight (i.e., buy) recommendation.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

🔹 Magnificent Seven Stocks: Apple, Nvidia, Tesla Sell Off
🔗 https://finance.yahoo.com/m/4205eaa9-f620-3a0b-a81a-0e82c7c9fd0b/magnificent-seven-stocks%3A.html?.tsrc=rss

Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. 
Dubbed the Magnificent Seven stocks, Apple, Microsoft, Google parent Alphabet, Amazon.com, Nvidia, Meta Platforms and Tesla lived up to their name in 2024 with solid gains. Through the first three months of 2025, however, performance for these mega-cap stocks has been negative thus far.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

🔹 Is Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) the Best Stock to Buy According to Billionaire Chris Rokos?
🔗 https://finance.yahoo.com/news/microsoft-corporation-msft-best-stock-185516925.html?.tsrc=rss

Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. 
We recently published a list of 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to Billionaire Chris Rokos. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) stands against other best stocks to buy according to billionaire Chris Rokos.
Chris Rokos is a highly respected British hedge fund manager who co-founded Brevan Howard Asset Management in 2002 before departing to establish his own firm in 2015, Rokos Capital Management, which now stands as one of the world’s largest macro hedge funds. After graduating from university, Rokos joined UBS in London. Within a year, he joined Goldman Sachs, where he spent three years, first in derivative structuring, then swap market making, and finally proprietary trading. Later on, he would join the budding Brevan Howard Asset Management, becoming one of the firm’s most successful traders, delivering almost $4 billion in profits for the fund during his time there. He later brought this expertise over to his own fund, with Rokos Capital specializing in global macroeconomic strategies, utilizing the billionaire’s skill in trading interest rates and currencies.
Rokos Capital Management’s 13F assets had risen to more than $6 billion by the end of the fourth quarter of 2024, placing it among Europe’s largest hedge funds. While it seems contradictory, the hedge fund’s main selling point might be the volatility of its returns. The firm went through a 44% rise in 2020, which was followed by a 26% decline in 2021. Later in 2022, when the S&P 500 fell more than 18%, the hedge fund enjoyed its best year on record, rising 51%.
According to Bloomberg, Chris Rokos’ hedge fund climbed 4.5% in the first two weeks of April as bond rates rose after President Trump’s announcement of punitive tariffs aimed at reshaping global trade. These gains increased Rokos’ returns this year to 8%. Trump’s April 2 tariff announcement shook global markets, with uncertainty spreading even to Treasuries, which are typically seen as a safe haven. A variety of explanations have been proposed as to what triggered the turbulence, including foreign governments dumping US debt and hedge funds unwinding highly leveraged deals. That said, this isn’t the first time Rokos has benefited from Trump’s presidency. The billionaire made almost $1 billion in profit in a single day in November, one of his largest trading sessions since establishing his firm in 2015, as Trump’s election triumph spurred a global spike in asset prices.
For this list, we picked stocks from Rokos Capital Management’s 13F portfolio as of the end of the fourth quarter of 2024. These equities are also popular among other hedge funds.
Why are we interested in the stocks that hedge funds pile into? The reason is simple: our research has shown that we can outperform the market by imitating the top stock picks of the best hedge funds. Our quarterly newsletter’s strategy selects 14 small-cap and large-cap stocks every quarter and has returned 373.4% since May 2014, beating its benchmark by 218 percentage points (see more details here).
A development team working together to create the next version of Windows.
Rokos Capital Management’s Stake as of Q4 2024: $290.6 million
Number of Hedge Fund Holders: 317
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is a major technology company known for its main software products, which include the Windows operating system, the Microsoft 365 suite, and the Edge browser.
On April 17, KeyBanc analysts cut Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) shares from Overweight to Sector Weight, citing uncertainty regarding the timing of artificial intelligence demand and monetization. Microsoft has made huge investments in AI and its cloud computing service Azure, which have become key components of the company’s development plan. The decision comes as analysts forecast considerable capital expenditures with limited flexibility in the coming year, which might have an impact on margins in the short term.
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) announced a 12.27% year-over-year revenue gain in its recent earnings report, hitting $69.63 billion, with earnings per share of $3.23 climbing above market forecasts. This performance was mostly driven by the strength of its cloud segment, which accounted for about 43% of total revenue in fiscal year 2024.
Alger Spectra Fund stated the following regarding Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) in its Q1 2025 investor letter:
“Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is a beneficiary of corporate America’s transformative digitization. The company operates through three segments: Productivity and Business Processes (Office365, LinkedIn, and Dynamics), Intelligent Cloud (Server Products and Cloud Services, Azure, and Enterprise Services), and More Personal Computing (Windows, Devices, Gaming, and Search). During the quarter, shares detracted from performance as Azure revenue growth missed analyst estimates, marking the third consecutive quarter of modest disappointment in this segment. However, AI-related sales growth exceeded expectations, accounting for 13% of Azure’s quarterly growth. Management also maintained their fiscal third quarter earnings guidance while highlighting improved operating profitability and lower tax rates. Despite the disappointing quarter, we remain confident in Microsoft’s ability to sustain its leadership position in AI.”
Overall, MSFT ranks 2nd on our list of stocks to buy according to billionaire Chris Rokos. While we acknowledge the potential for MSFT as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and doing so within a shorter time frame. There is an AI stock that went up since the beginning of 2025, while popular AI stocks lost around 25%.  If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than MSFT but trades at less than 5 times its earnings, check out our report about this cheapest AI stock.
READ NEXT: 20 Best AI Stocks To Buy Now and 30 Best Stocks to Buy Now According to Billionaires.
Disclosure: None. This article is originally published at Insider Monkey.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

🔹 Amazon stock falls as Raymond James downgrades shares, citing tariff headwinds and 'limited' AI monetization
🔗 https://finance.yahoo.com/news/amazon-stock-falls-as-raymond-james-downgrades-shares-citing-tariff-headwinds-and-limited-ai-monetization-144747355.html?.tsrc=rss

Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. 
Amazon stock (AMZN) fell 3% Monday after Raymond James (RJF) downgraded shares to Overperform from a Strong Buy.
Analyst Josh Beck cited headwinds from President Trump's recently enacted tariffs and risks related to Amazon’s hefty capital investments — the company is set to spend more than $100 billion in the 2025 fiscal year as it goes all-in on artificial intelligence.
Beck lowered his price target on Amazon stock to $195 from $275. The analyst also trimmed his estimates for Amazon earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, to $73 billion from $79 billion for the 2025 fiscal year. He cut his EBIT estimate for 2026 to $86 billion from $97 billion.
Beck is more bearish than Wall Street analysts at large, who see Amazon EBIT hitting $80 billion in 2025 and $98 billion in 2026, according to consensus estimates compiled by Raymond James.
“We take a fresh look at the AMZN investment cycle (supply chain, logistics, AI, other bets) and based on an uneven macro/tariff and steepening investment intensity, walk away with a bias that the Street is underestimating EBIT pressures in 2025-26,” he said in a note to investors early Monday.
Read more about Amazon's stock moves and today's market action.
Trump rocked global markets by announcing steep “reciprocal” tariffs on key US trading partners this month and enacting a 10% tariff on all global imports on April 5. His reciprocal tariffs — initially set to take effect April 9 — were paused for 90 days, with the exception of a 145% duty on Chinese imports.
The move sent Big Tech stocks spiraling, with the so-called "Magnificent Seven" firms, including Amazon, shedding $2 trillion from their cumulative market capitalizations in the immediate aftermath of the reciprocal tariff announcement before the three-month pause.
Trump's trade war with China continued to escalate Monday as tech stocks dropped across the board.
Apple (AAPL), Microsoft (MSFT), and Google (GOOG) fell around 2%, while Meta (META) fell more than 3%, and Nvidia (NVDA) sank 4.5%.
Beck estimated that 30% of Amazon’s gross merchandise value — the total value of products sold on its platform — comes from China, led by electronics, toys, furniture, apparel and auto parts.
He said that, according to his analysis, China-based advertisers accounted for 14% of total spending on Amazon advertising in 2024, making it more exposed to China than its competitors. Chinese advertisers account for 11% and 6% of total ad spending on Meta and Google, respectively, Beck wrote.
The tariff-related headwinds come as Amazon ramps up spending on AI.
CEO Andy Jassy said in February that the vast majority of this year’s $100 billion in capital investments from the tech giant will go toward building out artificial intelligence capacity for its cloud segment, Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Amazon is by far the biggest spender of so-called Big Tech “hyperscalers” — a group of megacap cloud and e-commerce firms that also includes Microsoft, Google, and Meta.
Beck added as a caveat, “To be clear, we remain constructive on AI prospects/long-term investments, but with rising EBIT risk/limited monetization progress it is more challenging for us to stick with our Strong Buy rating.”
Beck anticipated generative AI revenue for Amazon Web Services will rise 80% to as much as $5 billion in 2025 — still just a fraction of its triple-digit capital investments in the technology.
“Improving monetization momentum would make us more constructive, while higher than expected investments could make us more cautious," he wrote.
Laura Bratton is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow her on Bluesky @laurabratton.bsky.social. Email her at laura.bratton@yahooinc.com.
Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

🔹 Microsoft Stock Is a Defensive Bet Amid Recession Fears. Why Its Price Target Was Cut.
🔗 https://finance.yahoo.com/m/a029456f-6c99-3e0e-8483-cad416937573/microsoft-stock-is-a.html?.tsrc=rss

Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. 
Citi analysts also lower their capital expenditure estimates on Microsoft, pointing to a handful of factors including a heightened recessionary backdrop.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

🔹 Nvidia investors balk at beaten down valuation as risks mount
🔗 https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-investors-balk-beaten-down-110030282.html?.tsrc=rss

Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. 
(Bloomberg) — Nvidia Corp. (NVDA) shares are trading near their lowest valuation of the artificial intelligence era, but a growing list of perils has investors cautious about taking advantage of the dip.
Most Read from Bloomberg
DOGE Visits National Gallery of Art to Discuss Museum’s Legal Status
Trump Administration Takes Over New York Penn Station Revamp
DOGE Places Entire Staff of Federal Homelessness Agency on Leave
Nashville’s $3 Billion Transit Plan Brings a Call for Zoning Reform
The latest shock for the chipmaker came after saying last week US authorities have barred it from selling the H20 chip line in China, a move that will cost it billions of dollars. The news added to concerns that spending on AI could be poised to slow, especially as the escalating trade war further clouds overall prospects for economic growth.
“The outlook isn’t as compelling as it was, and you really have to make a lot of assumptions here, about tariffs, China, hyperscalers, the macro,” said Krishna Chintalapalli, portfolio manager and tech sector head at Parnassus Investments. “Because all those things are compounding, the level of uncertainty is much higher than it has been.”
Shares of Nvidia have dropped more than 25% this year, roughly twice the decline of the Nasdaq 100 Index. Chintalapalli views the stock as fairly valued, even with shares trading at 21 times estimated earnings, and well below their long-term average. The valuation is not far from the S&P 500 Index’s (^GSPC) multiple of 19. The stock fell as much as 4% in early trading Monday.
That Nvidia only trades at a slight premium to the market is notable given the company’s growth is expected to be dramatically faster, with revenue seen rising 57% in the current year, compared with 4.7% for the S&P. The growth largely reflects how so-called hyperscalers — Microsoft Corp. (MSFT), Alphabet Inc. (GOOG, GOOGL), Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN), and Meta Platforms Inc. (META), which are among Nvidia’s biggest customers — have allocated tens of billions of dollars building out AI infrastructure.
“If you want to buy here, you’re probably betting on hyperscaler demand for AI,” Chintalapalli said. While the intent to spend on AI is there, “they can always slow down on the margins” and “you can’t make a call on the pace of investment, given the macro and tariff issues.”
Nvidia’s share slump and resulting hit to valuation underline the perils the chipmaker faces from a potential slowdown in AI spending and the Trump administration’s attempts to reset global trade relations. Should the trade tensions tip the economy into recession, all bets about future earnings are off, undermining the valuation case.
The analyst consensus for Nvidia’s full-year earnings has dropped 1.5% over the past month, while the view for revenue is down 1.2%, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
Microsoft has announced plans to pull back on data center projects, and while others such as Alphabet have maintained capital spending plans for the current year, the outlook for 2026 remains uncertain.
Investors had already been debating the outlook for AI spending, ever since China’s DeepSeek emerged in January, claiming performance that is comparable to US models despite costing less and requiring fewer chips. Still, as tariff talks progress, investors are starting to see that demand for AI gear leaves Nvidia less exposed to trade risks than some of its mega cap peers.
Bloomberg Intelligence wrote earlier this month that “AI-focused players like Nvidia appear most insulated” from tariffs, while other chipmakers — especially those exposed to end markets like PCs, handsets, autos, and industrials — “will face indirect pressure via demand destruction.”
The tariff situation has been incredibly volatile. A recent reprieve on smartphones, computers and other electronics seemed to have removed an overhang from the shares, though Trump maintained the measure is temporary.
Last week, ASML Holding NV (ASML) sold off after it reported first-quarter orders that were weaker than expected, and it warned it didn’t know how to quantify the impact of tariffs. Separately, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSM) affirmed its outlook, suggesting demand for AI-related chips remains strong, although analysts said tariffs are a key question mark.
“Politics will remain part of the investment landscape for the foreseeable future, and the landscape will continue to evolve,” said Daniel Flax, a senior research analyst at Neuberger Berman. “This will impact many companies, including Nvidia, but I think it will continue to execute and innovate, and that will continue to drive growth. I think shares look pretty attractive if you have a 12- or 18-month time horizon.”
Analysts have stayed broadly positive, as nearly 90% of the firms tracked by Bloomberg recommend buying the stock. Furthermore, with shares trading more than 60% below the average analyst price target, implied returns for the stock are among the highest over the past few years.
Those who are still long-term bulls see the recent weakness as a buying opportunity.
In the short-term, “the news removes a major overhang — the stock H20 chipis more attractive today than yesterday,” Ivana Delevska, chief investment officer at SPEAR Invest said Wednesday, after Nvidia’s initial dip on the H20 chip news, adding that in the long-run, Nvidia not having access to the Chinese market would be a negative.
Shana Sissel agrees that the current valuation marks a good time to buy, especially ahead of the company’s late May earnings report, which she expects will show signs of Chinese customers front-loading purchases in anticipation of tariffs.
“I think it’s attractive,” she said. “I’m obviously a bull on it. I’ve always liked Nvidia stock.”
(Updates stock moves at market open)
Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek
How Mar-a-Lago Memberships Explain Trump’s Tariff Obsession
It’s Legal to Pay US Workers With Disabilities as Little as 25¢ an Hour
The Guy Who Connected Donald Trump to the Manosphere
The Rise and Fall of the Stock Market’s Music King
Why Brunello Cucinelli Is Well Suited for a Trade War
©2025 Bloomberg L.P.
By subscribing, you are agreeing to Yahoo's 
                        
                            Terms
                        
                     and 
                        
                            Privacy Policy
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

🔹 Google: DOJ throwing 'caution to wind' as breakup trial begins
🔗 https://finance.yahoo.com/news/google-doj-throwing-caution-to-wind-as-breakup-trial-begins-133814107.html?.tsrc=rss

Unlock stock picks and a broker-level newsfeed that powers Wall Street. 
The legal problems keep coming for Alphabet, which is back in the courtroom today trying to prevent a breakup of its Google search empire.
Google's (GOOG, GOOGL) fate will be in the hands of federal judge Amit Mehta, who ruled in August that Google illegally monopolized online markets for "general search" and "general search text."
The Justice Department is now asking Judge Mehta in a "remedies" trial to break up Google by forcing it to sell its Chrome browser and potentially sell its Android operating system.
The DOJ argued that Chrome, under a different owner, would give new rivals an "opportunity to operate a significant gateway to search the internet, free of Google's monopoly control."
Assistant US Attorney General Gail Slater, who heads the DOJ's antitrust division, said Monday before opening statements that "each generation has called for the DOJ to challenge a behemoth that crushed competition. In decades past, it was Standard Oil and AT&T. Today’s behemoth is Google."
Google argues that the DOJ's remedies reflect an "interventionist agenda" and would harm American consumers and undermine America’s tech leadership.
"When it comes to antitrust remedies, the U.S. Supreme Court has said that 'caution is key.' DOJ's proposal throws that caution to the wind," Google executive Lee-Anne Mulholland said in a blog post on Sunday.
The start of the remedies trial comes less than a week after Google was dealt yet another blow in a second antitrust case brought by the US Justice Department that alleged it monopolized two online advertising technology markets.
DOJ wants more than just the divestment of Google's Chrome browser in the remedies trial.
The government also wants the judge to force the company to ban Google from paying mobile device makers and browser companies for search distribution. It also wants to require that Google share its search query, click, and results data. It left the door open to a possible divestiture of Google's Android operating system.
The only flexibility offered by President Trump's prosecutors concerns artificial intelligence. They scaled back a proposal from former President Biden's DOJ that pushed for Google to sell off its AI bets.
Trump's prosecutors are instead suggesting a setup where federal authorities could keep tabs on proposed AI investments and keep it from using its AI tools to preference its own products, that it says could further threaten search competition.
The DOJ in its opening statement Monday accused Google of repeating the tactics that made it an illegal search monopoly by buying up placements for its Gemini chatbot on Android powered devices.
The government said it would call OpenAI's chief product executive to testify that the startup competitor struggles with distribution and competing with Google's ability to scale quickly because of its power over its search query data.
Google has a stake in OpenAI rival Anthropic that's worth billions. Anthropic has argued to the judge that forcing Google to relinquish its stake would tilt the AI playing field in favor of OpenAI and its backer, Microsoft (MSFT).
Google has cautioned the judge against the DOJ's remedies proposals.
A Chrome divestment and a requirement to share data with unknown foreign and domestic entities would create significant personal privacy and national security risks, the tech giant claims.
The software ecosystem that integrates Gmail, search, Chrome, and Google Cloud, the company has argued, allows it to survey and detect malicious threats.
Google also argues that limiting its ability to incorporate its AI tools into its products would stunt innovation at a critical time in the early stages of AI development.
And limiting Google's search distribution, the company argues, would harm consumers who want quick and easy access to its products and harm its customers who benefit from competition for the contract.
The remedies phase is scheduled to run until May 9. No matter what Mehta decides, Google is expected to appeal, and the DOJ can too.
Alexis Keenan is a legal reporter for Yahoo Finance. Follow Alexis on X @alexiskweed.
Click here for the latest technology news that will impact the stock market
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

🔹 ChatGPT: Everything you need to know about the AI-powered chatbot
🔗 https://techcrunch.com/2025/04/21/chatgpt-everything-to-know-about-the-ai-chatbot/?.tsrc=rss

Latest	



		AI	



		Amazon	



		Apps	



		Biotech & Health	



		Climate	



		Cloud Computing	



		Commerce	



		Crypto	



		Enterprise	



		EVs	



		Fintech	



		Fundraising	



		Gadgets	



		Gaming	



		Google	



		Government & Policy	



		Hardware	



		Instagram	



		Layoffs	



		Media & Entertainment	



		Meta	



		Microsoft	



		Privacy	



		Robotics	



		Security	



		Social	



		Space	



		Startups	



		TikTok	



		Transportation	



		Venture	



		Events	



		Startup Battlefield	



		StrictlyVC	



		Newsletters	



		Podcasts	



		Videos	



		Partner Content	



		TechCrunch Brand Studio	



		Crunchboard	



		Contact Us	

ChatGPT, OpenAI’s text-generating AI chatbot, has taken the world by storm since its launch in November 2022. What started as a tool to supercharge productivity through writing essays and code with short text prompts has evolved into a behemoth with 300 million weekly active users.
2024 was a big year for OpenAI, from its partnership with Apple for its generative AI offering, Apple Intelligence, the release of GPT-4o with voice capabilities, and the highly-anticipated launch of its text-to-video model Sora.
OpenAI also faced its share of internal drama, including the notable exits of high-level execs like co-founder and longtime chief scientist Ilya Sutskever and CTO Mira Murati. OpenAI has also been hit with lawsuits from Alden Global Capital-owned newspapers alleging copyright infringement, as well as an injunction from Elon Musk to halt OpenAI’s transition to a for-profit. 
In 2025, OpenAI is battling the perception that it’s ceding ground in the AI race to Chinese rivals like DeepSeek. The company has been trying to shore up its relationship with Washington as it simultaneously pursues an ambitious data center project, and as it reportedly lays the groundwork for one of the largest funding rounds in history.
Below, you’ll find a timeline of ChatGPT product updates and releases, starting with the latest, which we’ve been updating throughout the year. If you have any other questions, check out our ChatGPT FAQ here.
To see a list of 2024 updates, go here.

OpenAI has launched a new API feature called Flex processing that allows users to use AI models at a lower cost but with slower response times and occasional resource unavailability. Flex processing is available in beta on the o3 and o4-mini reasoning models for non-production tasks like model evaluations, data enrichment, and asynchronous workloads.
OpenAI has rolled out a new system to monitor its AI reasoning models, o3 and o4 mini, for biological and chemical threats. The system is designed to prevent models from giving advice that could potentially lead to harmful attacks, as stated in OpenAI’s safety report.
OpenAI has released two new reasoning models, o3 and o4 mini, just two days after launching GPT-4.1. The company claims o3 is the most advanced reasoning model it has developed, while o4-mini is said to provide a balance of price, speed, and performance. The new models stand out from previous reasoning models because they can use ChatGPT features like web browsing, coding, and image processing and generation. But they hallucinate more than several of OpenAI’s previous models.
Open AI introduced a new section called “library” to make it easier for users to create images on mobile and web platforms, per the company’s X post.
All of your image creations, all in one place.Introducing the new library for your ChatGPT image creations—rolling out now to all Free, Plus, and Pro users on mobile and https://t.co/nYW5KO1aIg. pic.twitter.com/ADWuf5fPbj
OpenAI said on Tuesday that it might revise its safety standards if “another frontier AI developer releases a high-risk system without comparable safeguards.” The move shows how commercial AI developers face more pressure to rapidly implement models due to the increased competition.
OpenAI is currently in the early stages of developing its own social media platform to compete with Elon Musk’s X and Mark Zuckerberg’s Instagram and Threads, according to The Verge. It is unclear whether OpenAI intends to launch the social network as a standalone application or incorporate it into ChatGPT.
OpenAI will discontinue its largest AI model, GPT-4.5, from its API even though it was just launched in late February. GPT-4.5 will be available in a research preview for paying customers. Developers can use GPT-4.5 through OpenAI’s API until July 14; then, they will need to switch to GPT-4.1, which was released on April 14.
OpenAI has launched three members of the GPT-4.1 model — GPT-4.1, GPT-4.1 mini, and GPT-4.1 nano — with a specific focus on coding capabilities. It’s accessible via the OpenAI API but not ChatGPT. In the competition to develop advanced programming models, GPT-4.1 will rival AI models such as Google’s Gemini 2.5 Pro, Anthropic’s Claude 3.7 Sonnet, and DeepSeek’s upgraded V3.
OpenAI plans to sunset GPT-4, an AI model introduced more than two years ago, and replace it with GPT-4o, the current default model, per changelog. It will take effect on April 30. GPT-4 will remain available via OpenAI’s API.
OpenAI may launch several new AI models, including GPT-4.1, soon, The Verge reported, citing anonymous sources. GPT-4.1 would be an update of OpenAI’s GPT-4o, which was released last year. On the list of upcoming models are GPT-4.1 and smaller versions like GPT-4.1 mini and nano, per the report.
OpenAI started updating ChatGPT to enable the chatbot to remember previous conversations with a user and customize its responses based on that context. This feature is rolling out to ChatGPT Pro and Plus users first, excluding those in the U.K., EU, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, and Switzerland.
It looks like OpenAI is working on a watermarking feature for images generated using GPT-4o. AI researcher Tibor Blaho spotted a new “ImageGen” watermark feature in the new beta of ChatGPT’s Android app. Blaho also found mentions of other tools: “Structured Thoughts,” “Reasoning Recap,” “CoT Search Tool,” and “l1239dk1.”
OpenAI is offering its $20-per-month ChatGPT Plus subscription tier for free to all college students in the U.S. and Canada through the end of May. The offer will let millions of students use OpenAI’s premium service, which offers access to the company’s GPT-4o model, image generation, voice interaction, and research tools that are not available in the free version.
More than 130 million users have created over 700 million images since ChatGPT got the upgraded image generator on March 25, according to COO of OpenAI Brad Lightcap. The image generator was made available  to all ChatGPT users on March 31, and went viral for being able to create Ghibli-style photos.
The Arc Prize Foundation, which develops the AI benchmark tool ARC-AGI, has updated the estimated computing costs for OpenAI’s o3 “reasoning” model managed by ARC-AGI. The organization originally estimated that the best-performing configuration of o3 it tested, o3 high, would cost approximately $3,000 to address a single problem. The Foundation now thinks the cost could be much higher, possibly around $30,000 per task.
In a series of posts on X, OpenAI CEO Sam Altman said the company’s new image-generation tool’s popularity may cause product releases to be delayed. “We are getting things under control, but you should expect new releases from OpenAI to be delayed, stuff to break, and for service to sometimes be slow as we deal with capacity challenges,” he wrote. 
OpeanAI intends to release its “first” open language model since GPT-2 “in the coming months.” The company plans to host developer events to gather feedback and eventually showcase prototypes of the model. The first developer event is to be held in San Francisco, with sessions to follow in Europe and Asia.
OpenAI made a notable change to its content moderation policies after the success of its new image generator in ChatGPT, which went viral for being able to create Studio Ghibli-style images. The company has updated its policies to allow ChatGPT to generate images of public figures, hateful symbols, and racial features when requested. OpenAI had previously declined such prompts due to the potential controversy or harm they may cause. However, the company has now “evolved” its approach, as stated in a blog post published by Joanne Jang, the lead for OpenAI’s model behavior.
OpenAI wants to incorporate Anthropic’s Model Context Protocol (MCP) into all of its products, including the ChatGPT desktop app. MCP, an open-source standard, helps AI models generate more accurate and suitable responses to specific queries, and lets developers create bidirectional links between data sources and AI applications like chatbots. The protocol is currently available in the Agents SDK, and support for the ChatGPT desktop app and Responses API will be coming soon, OpenAI CEO Sam Altman said. 
The latest update of the image generator on OpenAI’s ChatGPT has triggered a flood of AI-generated memes in the style of Studio Ghibli, the Japanese animation studio behind blockbuster films like “My Neighbor Totoro” and “Spirited Away.” The burgeoning mass of Ghibli-esque images have sparked concerns about whether OpenAI has violated copyright laws, especially since the company is already facing legal action for using source material without authorization. 
OpenAI expects its revenue to triple to $12.7 billion in 2025, fueled by the performance of its paid AI software, Bloomberg reported, citing an anonymous source. While the startup doesn’t expect to reach positive cash flow until 2029, it expects revenue to increase significantly in 2026 to surpass $29.4 billion, the report said. 
OpenAI on Tuesday rolled out a major upgrade to ChatGPT’s image-generation capabilities: ChatGPT can now use the GPT-4o model to generate and edit images and photos directly. The feature went live earlier this week in ChatGPT and Sora, OpenAI’s AI video-generation tool, for subscribers of the company’s Pro plan, priced at $200 a month, and will be available soon to ChatGPT Plus subscribers and developers using the company’s API service. The company’s CEO Sam Altman said on Wednesday, however, that the release of the image generation feature to free users would be delayed due to higher demand than the company expected.
Brad Lightcap, OpenAI’s chief operating officer, will lead the company’s global expansion and manage corporate partnerships as CEO Sam Altman shifts his focus to research and products, according to a blog post from OpenAI. Lightcap, who previously worked with Altman at Y Combinator, joined the Microsoft-backed startup in 2018. OpenAI also said Mark Chen would step into the expanded role of chief research officer, and Julia Villagra will take on the role of chief people officer.
OpenAI has updated its AI voice assistant with improved chatting capabilities, according to a video posted on Monday (March 24) to the company’s official media channels. The update enables real-time conversations, and the AI assistant is said to be more personable and interrupts users less often. Users on ChatGPT’s free tier can now access the new version of Advanced Voice Mode, while paying users will receive answers that are “more direct, engaging, concise, specific, and creative,” a spokesperson from OpenAI told TechCrunch.
OpenAI and Meta have separately engaged in discussions with Indian conglomerate Reliance Industries regarding potential collaborations to enhance their AI services in the country, per a report by The Information. One key topic being discussed is Reliance Jio distributing OpenAI’s ChatGPT. Reliance has proposed selling OpenAI’s models to businesses in India through an application programming interface (API) so they can incorporate AI into their operations. Meta also plans to bolster its presence in India by constructing a large 3GW data center in Jamnagar, Gujarat. OpenAI, Meta, and Reliance have not yet officially announced these plans.
Noyb, a privacy rights advocacy group, is supporting an individual in Norway who was shocked to discover that ChatGPT was providing false information about him, stating that he had been found guilty of killing two of his children and trying to harm the third. “The GDPR is clear. Personal data has to be accurate,” said Joakim Söderberg, data protection lawyer at Noyb, in a statement. “If it’s not, users have the right to have it changed to reflect the truth. Showing ChatGPT users a tiny disclaimer that the chatbot can make mistakes clearly isn’t enough. You can’t just spread false information and in the end add a small disclaimer saying that everything you said may just not be true.”
OpenAI has added new transcription and voice-generating AI models to its APIs: a text-to-speech model, “gpt-4o-mini-tts,” that delivers more nuanced and realistic sounding speech, as well as two speech-to-text models called “gpt-4o-transcribe” and “gpt-4o-mini-transcribe”. The company claims they are improved versions of what was already there and that they hallucinate less.
OpenAI has introduced o1-pro in its developer API. OpenAI says its o1-pro uses more computing than its o1 “reasoning” AI model to deliver “consistently better responses.” It’s only accessible to select developers who have spent at least $5 on OpenAI API services. OpenAI charges $150 for every million tokens (about 750,000 words) input into the model and $600 for every million tokens the model produces. It costs twice as much as OpenAI’s GPT-4.5 for input and 10 times the price of regular o1.
Noam Brown, who heads AI reasoning research at OpenAI, thinks that certain types of AI models for “reasoning” could have been developed 20 years ago if researchers had understood the correct approach and algorithms.
OpenAI CEO Sam Altman said, in a post on X, that the company has trained a “new model” that’s “really good” at creative writing. He posted a lengthy sample from the model given the prompt “Please write a metafictional literary short story about AI and grief.” OpenAI has not extensively explored the use of AI for writing fiction. The company has mostly concentrated on challenges in rigid, predictable areas such as math and programming. And it turns out that it might not be that great at creative writing at all. 
we trained a new model that is good at creative writing (not sure yet how/when it will get released). this is the first time i have been really struck by something written by AI; it got the vibe of metafiction so right.PROMPT:Please write a metafictional literary short story…
OpenAI rolled out new tools designed to help developers and businesses build AI agents — automated systems that can independently accomplish tasks — using the company’s own AI models and frameworks. The tools are part of OpenAI’s new Responses API, which enables enterprises to develop customized AI agents that can perform web searches, scan through company files, and navigate websites, similar to OpenAI’s Operator product. The Responses API effectively replaces OpenAI’s Assistants API, which the company plans to discontinue in the first half of 2026.
OpenAI intends to release several “agent” products tailored for different applications, including sorting and ranking sales leads and software engineering, according to a report from The Information. One, a “high-income knowledge worker” agent, will reportedly be priced at $2,000 a month. Another, a software developer agent, is said to cost $10,000 a month. The most expensive rumored agents, which are said to be aimed at supporting “PhD-level research,” are expected to cost $20,000 per month. The jaw-dropping figure is indicative of how much cash OpenAI needs right now: The company lost roughly $5 billion last year after paying for costs related to running its services and other expenses. It’s unclear when these agentic tools might launch or which customers will be eligible to buy them.
The latest version of the macOS ChatGPT app allows users to edit code directly in supported developer tools, including Xcode, VS Code, and JetBrains. ChatGPT Plus, Pro, and Team subscribers can use the feature now, and the company plans to roll it out to more users like Enterprise, Edu, and free users.
According to a new report from VC firm Andreessen Horowitz (a16z), OpenAI’s AI chatbot, ChatGPT, experienced solid growth in the second half of 2024. It took ChatGPT nine months to increase its weekly active users from 100 million in November 2023 to 200 million in August 2024, but it only took less than six months to double that number once more, according to the report. ChatGPT’s weekly active users increased to 300 million by December 2024 and 400 million by February 2025. ChatGPT has experienced significant growth recently due to the launch of new models and features, such as GPT-4o, with multimodal capabilities. ChatGPT usage spiked from April to May 2024, shortly after that model’s launch.
OpenAI has effectively canceled the release of o3 in favor of what CEO Sam Altman is calling a “simplified” product offering. In a post on X, Altman said that, in the coming months, OpenAI will release a model called GPT-5 that “integrates a lot of [OpenAI’s] technology,” including o3, in ChatGPT and its API. As a result of that roadmap decision, OpenAI no longer plans to release o3 as a standalone model. 
A commonly cited stat is that ChatGPT requires around 3 watt-hours of power to answer a single question. Using OpenAI’s latest default model for ChatGPT, GPT-4o, as a reference, nonprofit AI research institute Epoch AI found the average ChatGPT query consumes around 0.3 watt-hours. However, the analysis doesn’t consider the additional energy costs incurred by ChatGPT with features like image generation or input processing.
In response to pressure from rivals like DeepSeek, OpenAI is changing the way its o3-mini model communicates its step-by-step “thought” process. ChatGPT users will see an updated “chain of thought” that shows more of the model’s “reasoning” steps and how it arrived at answers to questions.
OpenAI is now allowing anyone to use ChatGPT web search without having to log in. While OpenAI had previously allowed users to ask ChatGPT questions without signing in, responses were restricted to the chatbot’s last training update. This only applies through ChatGPT.com, however. To use ChatGPT in any form through the native mobile app, you will still need to be logged in.
OpenAI announced a new AI “agent” called deep research that’s designed to help people conduct in-depth, complex research using ChatGPT. OpenAI says the “agent” is intended for instances where you don’t just want a quick answer or summary, but instead need to assiduously consider information from multiple websites and other sources.
OpenAI used the subreddit r/ChangeMyView to measure the persuasive abilities of its AI reasoning models. OpenAI says it collects user posts from the subreddit and asks its AI models to write replies, in a closed environment, that would change the Reddit user’s mind on a subject. The company then shows the responses to testers, who assess how persuasive the argument is, and finally OpenAI compares the AI models’ responses to human replies for that same post. 
OpenAI launched a new AI “reasoning” model, o3-mini, the newest in the company’s o family of models. OpenAI first previewed the model in December alongside a more capable system called o3. OpenAI is pitching its new model as both “powerful” and “affordable.”
A new report from app analytics firm Appfigures found that over half of ChatGPT’s mobile users are under age 25, with users between ages 50 and 64 making up the second largest age demographic. The gender gap among ChatGPT users is even more significant. Appfigures estimates that across age groups, men make up 84.5% of all users.
OpenAI launched ChatGPT Gov designed to provide U.S. government agencies an additional way to access the tech. ChatGPT Gov includes many of the capabilities found in OpenAI’s corporate-focused tier, ChatGPT Enterprise. OpenAI says that ChatGPT Gov enables agencies to more easily manage their own security, privacy, and compliance, and could expedite internal authorization of OpenAI’s tools for the handling of non-public sensitive data.
Younger Gen Zers are embracing ChatGPT, for schoolwork, according to a new survey by the Pew Research Center. In a follow-up to its 2023 poll on ChatGPT usage among young people, Pew asked ~1,400 U.S.-based teens ages 13 to 17 whether they’ve used ChatGPT for homework or other school-related assignments. Twenty-six percent said that they had, double the number two years ago. Just over half of teens responding to the poll said they think it’s acceptable to use ChatGPT for researching new subjects. But considering the ways ChatGPT can fall short, the results are possibly cause for alarm.
OpenAI says that it might store chats and associated screenshots from customers who use Operator, the company’s AI “agent” tool, for up to 90 days — even after a user manually deletes them. While OpenAI has a similar deleted data retention policy for ChatGPT, the retention period for ChatGPT is only 30 days, which is 60 days shorter than Operator’s.
OpenAI is launching a research preview of Operator, a general-purpose AI agent that can take control of a web browser and independently perform certain actions. Operator promises to automate tasks such as booking travel accommodations, making restaurant reservations, and shopping online.
Operator, OpenAI’s agent tool, could be released sooner rather than later. Changes to ChatGPT’s code base suggest that Operator will be available as an early research preview to users on the $200 Pro subscription plan. The changes aren’t yet publicly visible, but a user on X who goes by Choi spotted these updates in ChatGPT’s client-side code. TechCrunch separately identified the same references to Operator on OpenAI’s website.
OpenAI has begun testing a feature that lets new ChatGPT users sign up with only a phone number — no email required. The feature is currently in beta in the U.S. and India. However, users who create an account using their number can’t upgrade to one of OpenAI’s paid plans without verifying their account via an email. Multi-factor authentication also isn’t supported without a valid email.
ChatGPT’s new beta feature, called tasks, allows users to set simple reminders. For example, you can ask ChatGPT to remind you when your passport expires in six months, and the AI assistant will follow up with a push notification on whatever platform you have tasks enabled. The feature will start rolling out to ChatGPT Plus, Team, and Pro users around the globe this week.
OpenAI is introducing a new way for users to customize their interactions with ChatGPT. Some users found they can specify a preferred name or nickname and “traits” they’d like the chatbot to have. OpenAI suggests traits like “Chatty,” “Encouraging,” and “Gen Z.” However, some users reported that the new options have disappeared, so it’s possible they went live prematurely.
ChatGPT is a general-purpose chatbot that uses artificial intelligence to generate text after a user enters a prompt, developed by tech startup OpenAI. The chatbot uses GPT-4, a large language model that uses deep learning to produce human-like text.
November 30, 2022 is when ChatGPT was released for public use.
Both the free version of ChatGPT and the paid ChatGPT Plus are regularly updated with new GPT models. The most recent model is GPT-4o.
There is a free version of ChatGPT that only requires a sign-in in addition to the paid version, ChatGPT Plus.
Anyone can use ChatGPT! More and more tech companies and search engines are utilizing the chatbot to automate text or quickly answer user questions/concerns.
Multiple enterprises utilize ChatGPT, although others may limit the use of the AI-powered tool.
Most recently, Microsoft announced at its 2023 Build conference that it is integrating its ChatGPT-based Bing experience into Windows 11. A Brooklyn-based 3D display startup Looking Glass utilizes ChatGPT to produce holograms you can communicate with by using ChatGPT.  And nonprofit organization Solana officially integrated the chatbot into its network with a ChatGPT plug-in geared toward end users to help onboard into the web3 space.
GPT stands for Generative Pre-Trained Transformer.
A chatbot can be any software/system that holds dialogue with you/a person but doesn’t necessarily have to be AI-powered. For example, there are chatbots that are rules-based in the sense that they’ll give canned responses to questions.
ChatGPT is AI-powered and utilizes LLM technology to generate text after a prompt.
Yes.
Due to the nature of how these models work, they don’t know or care whether something is true, only that it looks true. That’s a problem when you’re using it to do your homework, sure, but when it accuses you of a crime you didn’t commit, that may well at this point be libel.
We will see how handling troubling statements produced by ChatGPT will play out over the next few months as tech and legal experts attempt to tackle the fastest moving target in the industry.
Yes, there is a free ChatGPT mobile app for iOS and Android users.
It’s not documented anywhere that ChatGPT has a character limit. However, users have noted that there are some character limitations after around 500 words.
Yes, it was released March 1, 2023.
Everyday examples include programming, scripts, email replies, listicles, blog ideas, summarization, etc.
Advanced use examples include debugging code, programming languages, scientific concepts, complex problem solving, etc.
It depends on the nature of the program. While ChatGPT can write workable Python code, it can’t necessarily program an entire app’s worth of code. That’s because ChatGPT lacks context awareness — in other words, the generated code isn’t always appropriate for the specific context in which it’s being used.
Yes. OpenAI allows users to save chats in the ChatGPT interface, stored in the sidebar of the screen. There are no built-in sharing features yet.
Yes. There are multiple AI-powered chatbot competitors such as Together, Google’s Gemini and Anthropic’s Claude, and developers are creating open source alternatives.
OpenAI has said that individuals in “certain jurisdictions” (such as the EU) can object to the processing of their personal information by its AI models by filling out this form. This includes the ability to make requests for deletion of AI-generated references about you. Although OpenAI notes it may not grant every request since it must balance privacy requests against freedom of expression “in accordance with applicable laws”.
The web form for making a deletion of data about you request is entitled “OpenAI Personal Data Removal Request”.
In its privacy policy, the ChatGPT maker makes a passing acknowledgement of the objection requirements attached to relying on “legitimate interest” (LI), pointing users towards more information about requesting an opt out — when it writes: “See here for instructions on how you can opt out of our use of your information to train our models.”
Recently, Discord announced that it had integrated OpenAI’s technology into its bot named Clyde where two users tricked Clyde into providing them with instructions for making the illegal drug methamphetamine (meth) and the incendiary mixture napalm.
An Australian mayor has publicly announced he may sue OpenAI for defamation due to ChatGPT’s false claims that he had served time in prison for bribery. This would be the first defamation lawsuit against the text-generating service.
CNET found itself in the midst of controversy after Futurism reported the publication was publishing articles under a mysterious byline completely generated by AI. The private equity company that owns CNET, Red Ventures, was accused of using ChatGPT for SEO farming, even if the information was incorrect.
Several major school systems and colleges, including New York City Public Schools, have banned ChatGPT from their networks and devices. They claim that the AI impedes the learning process by promoting plagiarism and misinformation, a claim that not every educator agrees with.
There have also been cases of ChatGPT accusing individuals of false crimes.
Several marketplaces host and provide ChatGPT prompts, either for free or for a nominal fee. One is PromptBase. Another is ChatX. More launch every day.
Poorly. Several tools claim to detect ChatGPT-generated text, but in our tests, they’re inconsistent at best.
No. But OpenAI recently disclosed a bug, since fixed, that exposed the titles of some users’ conversations to other people on the service.
None specifically targeting ChatGPT. But OpenAI is involved in at least one lawsuit that has implications for AI systems trained on publicly available data, which would touch on ChatGPT.
Yes. Text-generating AI models like ChatGPT have a tendency to regurgitate content from their training data.
Topics

AI Editor


Audience Development Manager

Alyssa Stringer was formerly the Audience Development Manager for TechCrunch. She previously worked for HW Media as Audience Development Manager across HousingWire, RealTrends and FinLedger media brands. Prior to her experience in audience development, Alyssa worked as a content writer and holds a Bachelor’s in Journalism at the University of North Texas.	

Reporter, Asia

Kate Park is a reporter at TechCrunch, with a focus on technology, startups and venture capital in Asia. She previously was a financial journalist at Mergermarket covering M&A, private equity and venture capital.
 An AI doctoral candidate in California says they had their student visa revoked

 Tesla reportedly delays launch of new low-cost model by months

 Palantir exec defends company’s immigration surveillance work

 OpenAI’s o3 AI model scores lower on a benchmark than the company initially implied

 Your politeness could be costly for OpenAI

 Uncovered emails showed how Meta struggled to keep Facebook culturally relevant

 Famed AI researcher launches controversial startup to replace all human workers everywhere

© 2025 Yahoo.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

🔹 Microsoft strengthens in-house cyber governance, training
🔗 https://www.cybersecuritydive.com/news/microsoft--cyber-governance-training/745873/?.tsrc=rss

The technology giant, as part of its Secure Future Initiative program, has overhauled security practices following a series of crippling nation-state-linked cyberattacks.
Microsoft Corp. on Monday said it has reached additional milestones in a multiyear effort to strengthen its product development, threat detection and corporate governance structure under a program called the Secure Future Initiative. 
The company has now rolled out a secure-by-design toolkit to 22,000 employees involved in product development, linked employee performance reviews to adoption of security standards and named a deputy CISO for business applications, among other changes. 
“We have made progress across culture and governance by fostering a security-first mindset in every employee and investing in holistic governance structures to address cybersecurity risk across our enterprise,” Charlie Bell, executive vice president, security at Microsoft, wrote in a blog post. 
Out of 28 objectives outlined in the SFI plan, which was first announced in 2023, the company said it is near completion on five and has made significant progress on 11. 
Among the new SFI developments:
The company launched SFI after a China-linked threat group hacked into the Microsoft Exchange Online environments of at least 22 customers.The hack led to the exfiltration of more than 60,000 emails from the U.S. State Department, and the threat group gained access to other highly sensitive accounts, including Commerce Secretary Gina Raimondo.
Microsoft was widely condemned in a 2024 report by the Cyber Safety Review Board, which said the Exchange attack was entirely preventable. The company faced sharp criticism for prioritizing speed to market and “cool” product features over ensuring its products were built using secure development practices.
The report also faulted Microsoft for a separate attack by Midnight Blizzard, a Russia-backed threat group that launched a massive password-spray attack against the company in 2023. The attackers stole emails from top Microsoft executives and later stole credentials from U.S. federal agencies after those credentials were exchanged over email with Microsoft.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

🔹 1 "Magnificent Seven" Stock You'll Regret Not Buying During the Dip
🔗 https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/21/1-magnificent-seven-stock-youll-regret-not-buying/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=481e8b6e-aec9-4adc-ad72-fbf780273df1&.tsrc=rss

The "Magnificent Seven" is a name given to Apple, Microsoft (MSFT -2.22%), Nvidia, Amazon, Alphabet, Meta Platforms, and Tesla because of their impact on the market over the past few years. Unfortunately, the "Magnificent Seven" hasn't been so magnificent in recent weeks, with all seven down year to date.
There are various reasons for their individual struggles, but they experienced a collective decline after President Donald Trump's new tariff plan was announced.
Having the Magnificent Seven stocks slump isn't ideal because they account for a lot of many major indexes (especially the S&P 500), but it does present investors with a good opportunity to buy great companies at a "discounted" price.
Of all the Magnificent Seven stocks that have slumped, Microsoft is one you'll regret not buying at current prices. Let's take a look at why.
First, let's talk about the potential tariff impact on Microsoft's business.
Like many other big tech companies, Microsoft relies heavily on imported electronic parts and raw materials. This goes for its consumer electronics as well as for the data centers that it needs to run its cloud platform, Azure. These data centers require networking equipment, servers, and other equipment, which Microsoft imports from countries like China, South Korea, and Taiwan.
These parts will likely become more expensive, giving Microsoft three options: pass on the costs to customers, absorb the extra costs themselves, or delay or cancel data center expansion plans.
Even before the tariff announcement, Microsoft pulled back from some data center expansion plans in the U.S. and Europe, so it's not farfetched for it to choose that route. If it decides to absorb the higher costs, its profit margins give it some breathing room to determine the better long-term option.

MSFT Profit Margin (Quarterly) data by YCharts
I focused on the increased costs relative to Microsoft's data centers because of how important Azure is for its business growth.
In the second quarter of its fiscal year 2025, Microsoft's Intelligent Cloud segment (which includes Azure) generated $25.5 billion in revenue. That was a 19% year-over-year increase and over 36% of Microsoft's total revenue.
Azure is firmly in second place in cloud service market share, trailing Amazon Web Services (AWS), but its growth has been impressive. It likely won't pass AWS in market share any time soon, but it has been chipping away, highlighting how competitive Azure has become as a cloud platform.
The cloud services industry is still relatively young and has much more room to expand as companies shift more of their operations to the cloud. As this happens, Azure should continue to drive a lot of Microsoft's growth.
Through decades of expanding into different industries, Microsoft built the most thorough ecosystem in the big tech world. It has consumer and enterprise electronics, consumer and enterprise software, cloud services, social media, and gaming.
When the economy hits a rough patch, you want to invest in businesses that can generate consistent and recurring revenue, and Microsoft has that. Maybe more important, though, is the number of enterprise and corporate clients Microsoft has.
Corporations are less likely to cut spending on vital software or electronics than your everyday consumer, who may be pressed for cash. This can help keep Microsoft's financials consistent, even when there's a pullback on spending. That doesn't mean Microsoft won't see a slight slowdown, but its revenue is more stable and predictable, especially in the long term.

MSFT Revenue (Quarterly) data by YCharts
Rarely do people look at Microsoft and think about its dividend, but it has been paying one since 2003. Microsoft's stock price has shot up since then, so its dividend yield is generally low, but the company has shown it's committed to making the dividend a selling point to investors.
Microsoft has increased its annual dividend for 23 consecutive years and increased it by over 160% in just the past decade.

MSFT Dividend data by YCharts
With a yield below 1%, Microsoft's dividend isn't mind-blowing. Still, it can have a real impact on total returns in the long run. In the past decade, Microsoft's stock price increased around 810%, and its total returns are around 960% (as of April 16). That's a noticeable difference.
Couple a dividend with Microsoft stock's growth potential, and you have a true two-for-one benefit for investors.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

🔹 1 Artificial Intelligence (AI) Stock-Buyback Stock to Buy Hand Over Fist During the Nasdaq Sell-Off
🔗 https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/20/1-artificial-intelligence-ai-stock-buyback-stock-t/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=8d19abc5-ea58-4691-acd6-a4b9f2df3633&.tsrc=rss

Ever since President Donald Trump announced a new tariff agenda on April 2, the stock market has been experiencing outsized volatility. Technology stocks in particular have been vulnerable to widespread selling, driven by fear and uncertainty.
Since the tariffs were announced earlier this month, the Nasdaq Composite has fallen 7.5% as of April 18.
One Nasdaq stock that initially took a big hit following the tariff news is semiconductor company Broadcom (AVGO -2.53%). Shares fell as much as 20% before rebounding, and they're actually down less than 1% as of this writing.
One of the biggest contributors to the stock's recovery was the company's recent stock buyback announcement. According to management, the board of directors approved the repurchase of up to $10 billion in shares through Dec. 31.
Let's explore what may have compelled management to explore a buyback and why investors may want to consider adding shares right now.
I see these tariff policies as a mechanism for the U.S. to negotiate new trade deals. In the near term, a situation like this can cause chaos in the investment world. There are a lot of unknowns about which countries are currently discussing new trade deals with the Trump administration and where these various negotiations stand.
However, smart investors know better than to get too distracted by the constantly changing tariff rhetoric.
Rather, let's look at some of the secular tailwinds in the artificial intelligence (AI) industry and explore why the moves that big tech is making bode well for Broadcom.
Image source: Getty Images.
Despite the recovery in Broadcom shares over the last two weeks, the stock is still down 26% so far this year.

Data by YCharts.
Stock buybacks can sometimes be interpreted as a sign that management believes shares are undervalued. As the chart above illustrates, the ongoing sell-off in Broadcom has brought the company's valuation to its lowest level in about a year based on a forward price-to-earnings (P/E) multiple.
The valuation compression seen above might suggest the stock is oversold, but I see a more subtle reason to pounce on shares right now.
Buyback programs can take several quarters, or even years, to complete. But as mentioned above, Broadcom's current $10 billion repurchase program only runs through the end of the year. Whether the company buys back the full $10 billion or not, it's highly likely management will be repurchase some shares over the next eight months as long as they remain depressed compared to historical levels.
When you also factor in Broadcom's robust prospects thanks to ongoing infrastructure and data center spending by AI's biggest leaders, the stock ends up looking like a bargain right now. Despite the near-term volatility from tariffs, now is an opportunity to buy the dip in this leading AI growth stock.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

🔹 2 Recession-Proof Stocks to Buy With a Better Credit Rating Than the U.S. Government
🔗 https://www.fool.com/investing/2025/04/20/2-recession-proof-stocks-to-buy-with-a-better-cred/?source=eptyholnk0000202&utm_source=yahoo-host-full&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=article&referring_guid=f7ca9230-523d-4600-af12-3c86ea64e96f&.tsrc=rss

In 2011, following the difficulty caused by the Great Recession, S&P Global Ratings (formerly Standard & Poor's) downgraded the long-term credit outlook of the United States from its highest designation of AAA to AA+, citing budgetary issues. Fitch once again downgraded U.S. credit in 2023 and Moody's recently suggested it's contemplating a similar move. Debt and other fiscal issues only worsened in recent years and the 2024 fiscal deficit ballooned to over $1.8 trillion.
High credit ratings are not just handed out. In fact, only two U.S.-based companies maintain the coveted AAA rating from S&P.  They may be a good place for investors to park cash as President Donald Trump attempts to shake up the global trade order with sweeping tariffs -- a situation that could turn into a long-lasting trade war if negotiations are not soon reached.
See why Microsoft (MSFT -2.22%) and Johnson & Johnson (JNJ -0.29%) are two stocks that can successfully navigate the choppy waters of a potential recession and market turmoil.
As stated on its website, Microsoft holds AAA and Aaa ratings from S&P and Moody's Investors Service Inc., respectively. This shouldn't be a total surprise, considering Microsoft's products power the business world. The stock has fallen about 12% this year, which is better than any of its peers in the "Magnificent Seven."
Although Microsoft is firmly in the tech and burgeoning artificial intelligence (AI) spaces, the company holds a certain amount of diversity, given the broad spectrum of tech businesses it operates including cloud, video games, hardware, social media, and workflow tools, among others. The company was an early investor in OpenAI, which sparked the generative AI craze with its launch of ChatGPT.
But analysts point to Microsoft as providing more stability in a volatile environment because more of the company's business is done with enterprise customers over long-term contracts.
Microsoft also has a fortress balance sheet. At the end of 2024, the company had over $71.5 billion of cash and equivalents, slightly less than $40 billion of long-term debt, and equity of over $302 billion, meaning the debt-to-equity ratio is quite low. While Microsoft doesn't have a high dividend yield, it has increased the quarterly dividend for over 20 consecutive years, meaning investors will be able to generate growing passive income each year.
Global pharmaceutical company Johnson & Johnson is the only other company with top credit ratings. Interestingly, after Johnson & Johnson announced its acquisition of Intra-Cellular Therapies for $14.6 billion in a part cash, part debt deal, S&P said it would conduct a review on whether it should cut Johnson & Johnson's top credit rating because the acquisition will increase Johnson & Johnson's debt load. S&P also noted that Johnson & Johnson will likely make other debt-fueled acquisitions in the future.
That said, the credit rating has not been cut yet and the stock has performed quite well this year, up nearly 9%. Recently, Johnson & Johnson reported first-quarter earnings that beat analyst expectations, while raising its full-year reported revenue outlook to $91.4 billion, up from $89.4 billion. The solid results come as investors are grappling with how potential tariffs on pharma companies could impact Johnson & Johnson. Trump has recently said that he expects to levy tariffs on pharma companies in an attempt to bring more drug manufacturing back to the U.S.
On Johnson & Johnson's earnings call, CFO Joseph Wolk said the guidance includes about a $400 million impact from tariffs, including 125% retaliatory tariffs from China on U.S. goods. So, the tariff situation could continue to weigh on the stock unless the U.S. and China can find a way out of the trade war in the coming months.
At the end of 2024, Johnson & Johnson had over $24 billion of cash on the balance sheet, about $30.6 billion of long-term debt, and over $71 billion of total equity. The company recently closed the acquisition of Intra-Cellular, which will lower cash and add to the debt. All in all, though, it's still a very strong balance sheet. Johnson & Johnson also has a hearty 3.2% dividend, offering investors a nice stream of passive income.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
